public_html/Project/Proposal.md, before:

## Project Name: (Which Project)
### Project Summary: (Copy from proposal)
### Github Link: [https://github.com/m-sansone/mrs43-IT202-452/tree/prod/public_html/Project](https://github.com/m-sansone/mrs43-IT202-452/tree/prod/public_html/Project)
### Project Board Link: [https://github.com/users/m-sansone/projects/2](https://github.com/users/m-sansone/projects/2)
### Website Link: [https://mrs43-prod.herokuapp.com/Project](https://mrs43-prod.herokuapp.com/Project)
### API Link: (the link to the documentation of your chosen API)
### Your Name: Melody Sansone

 
 
### Proposal Checklist and Evidence

- Milestone 1
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) User will be able to register a new account
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) User will be able to login to their account (given they enter the correct credentials)
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) User will be able to logout
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) Basic security rules implemented
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) Basic Roles implemented
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) Site should have basic styles/theme applied; everything should be styled
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) Any output messages/errors should be “user friendly”
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) User will be able to see their profile
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)
    - [x] \(mm/dd/yyyy of completion) User will be able to edit their profile
        - Link to related .md file: [Link Name](link url)  
- Milestone 2
  - (add link to milestone2.md from milestone2 branch)
- Milestone 3
  - (add link to milestone3.md from milestone3 branch)
- Milestone 4
  - (add link to milestone4.md from milestone4 branch)
- Demo Link
  - (add youtube link to unlisted or public demo) Note you'll need to verify your youtube account to upload videos > 15mins

Commit message:

updated proposal doc except for demo link

public_html/Project/Proposal.md, after:

## Project Name: To Be Read
### Project Summary: This project will primarily use book data pulled from an API to allow users to add books to their libraries.
### Github Link: [https://github.com/m-sansone/mrs43-IT202-452/tree/prod/public_html/Project](https://github.com/m-sansone/mrs43-IT202-452/tree/prod/public_html/Project)
### Project Board Link: [https://github.com/users/m-sansone/projects/2](https://github.com/users/m-sansone/projects/2)
### Website Link: [https://mrs43-prod.herokuapp.com/Project](https://mrs43-prod.herokuapp.com/Project)
### API Link: [https://rapidapi.com/dfskGT/api/book-finder1](https://rapidapi.com/dfskGT/api/book-finder1)
### Your Name: Melody Sansone

 
 
### Proposal Checklist and Evidence

- Milestone 1
  - [link to Milestone 1 submission file](../Milestones/mrs43_it202-module-6-milestone-1-2024_IT202-452-M2024.pdf)
- Milestone 2
  - [link to Milestone 2 submission file](../Milestones/mrs43_it202-api-project-milestone-2-2024-m24_IT202-452-M2024.pdf)
- Milestone 3
  - [link to Milestone 3 submission file](../Milestones/mrs43_it202-api-project-milestone-3-2024-m24_IT202-452-M2024.pdf)
- Demo Link
  - (add youtube link to unlisted or public demo)
